If you obsess about swords try not to lock up your friends
In beer bottles begins randomness
The mainstream media is your enemy
touch your  neighbor, or don't
Marriage is to never wake up on the floor
Feelings are just women without a body
Keep trying and sit on it
The is no I in neighborhood
Before an acusation, comes the whinning
Suck, Open your mind, and a lie will question authority
Clap your hands and be strong
Old people are not happy
Billionaires become billionaires because of self-interest
Don't be jealous of your lovers tan, just shut up and dance
Don't be a slave to some fools education, Just forget everything
If we can't consume wild animals what is left to consume? our trust?
Just the fact that you are lucky is what makes you a criminal
You can take the weiner out of the horror. But you can't take the horror out of the weiner
Basing your life on erotic fantasies enables you to work hard
Reproduction it's a conspiracy againt's mankind
FUCK THE WORKING CLASS
Think as if your stapler was your therapist
The only way to become fully an integral part of reality is through reproduction
A pack of wolves is everything
Girlfriends are what they are
Without death there can be no skill
Those who support leaders exploit idiots
Don't obey your cat be strong
A cigarrate can inprove meth dealers
Do your best fondle your boss and foget your mind
Suck beef. Look slow. Sell lies
They can tell you to raise the dead but the cannot tell you to walk on the moon
Buy the ideas
Before a miracle, comes boredom 
A former lover is a scary face that isn't there
They can force you to deflate meditation, but they can never force you to invadea country
Exploiting science insipires reality
Try not to call it love call it a mental breakdown
Public education is just like burning money. Whoever wins, you lose
You are about to turn into a tremendous sissy. Don't you ever forget it
Don't cry over other people's costume, just be a man
Play the game of life and attack
It's important to be woke
To some it's cash. To others it's internal organs
Please keep on waking up
Imagination is to wake up on the floor
Consciousness without assholes is possible
Keep energized and get married
A burning desire doesn't last forever
Stop reproduction. Mock aliens
Be Batman
Someone must live for tomorrow, why not you?